WinBoard is a graphical chessboard for 32-bit Microsoft
Windows systems.  It can serve as a user interface for
GNU Chess or for internet chess servers, or it can be
used to play out games manually or from game files.
For full details, see the Help file (WinBoard.hlp).
For answers for frequently asked questions, see the FAQ
file (FAQ.html).

WinBoard is free software.  You can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the GPL, as described in the
files COPYRIGHT and COPYING.  If your distribution does
not include the source code, you can get it from the
project's Web site:

 http://savannah.gnu.org/projects/xboard/

GNU CHESS

A version of GNU Chess is included in the WinBoard
distribution.  GNU Chess is free software released
under the GPL.  Source code for GNU Chess is available
from the Free Software Foundation:

 http://www.gnu.org/

GNU Chess 5 was compiled with the Cygwin toolkit and
linked against the Cygwin1.dll library.  Cygwin is free
software released under the GPL; source code is
available through:

 http://www.cygwin.com/

BUGS AND IMPROVEMENTS

Report bugs in WinBoard or XBoard by email to
<xboard@tim-mann.org>.  Report bugs in GNU Chess to
<bug-gnu-chess@gnu.org>.  Give full details, including
the program's version number and the exact text of any
error messages.  If you improve WinBoard or XBoard,
please send a message about your changes to
<xboard@tim-mann.org>.  Remember that these programs
are released under the GPL, so source code is freely
available, but if you distribute modified versions, you
must distribute the source code modifications under the
GPL as well.

HISTORY

WinBoard is a port of the Unix program XBoard to Win32,
the 32-bit Microsoft Windows API.  The graphical front
end (WinBoard.c, etc.) is all new, but the back end
that understands chess rules, chess notation, GNU
Chess, the ICS, etc., is shared with XBoard.  See
WinBoard.hlp for a list of contributors to WinBoard and
XBoard.
